[xstate/inspect] Add support for custom targetWindow (#3793)
statelyai/xstate: packages/xstate-inspect/README.md

const service = interpret(someMachine, { devTools: true });
service.start();
```

## Configuration

* `url` *(optional)* - The endpoint that the Inspector sends events to. Default: https://stately.ai/viz?inspect
* `iframe` *(optional)* - The iframe that loads the provided URL. If iframe is set to `false`, then a new tab is opened instead.
* `devTools` *(optional)* - Allows custom implementation for lifecycle hooks.
* `serialize` *(optional)* - A custom serializer for messages sent to the URL endpoint. Useful for sanitizing sensitive information, such as credentials, from leaving your application.

> * `targetWindow` *(optional)* - Provide a preferred `window.open` location that will be used instead. When using this option, you must still provide the `url` value due to security checks in browser APIs.

Reviewer: The note about `window.open` here makes it sound as if this argument would internally be somehow used with it but it's used instead of it. 

I would also include information here that this makes `iframe` option to be ignored.

Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
* `targetWindow` *(optional)* - Provide a pre-existing window location that will be used instead of opening a new window etc. When using this option, you must still provide the `url` value due to security checks in browser APIs, and the `iframe` option is ignored in such a case.
```

Author: Yeah, I like that more as well. Thank you!
